The Joe Rogan experience.
Someone called me homophobic because I said I had an old tweet.
This is from 2012, right? Yeah.
They dug up a bunch of tweets about me this week. Okay. Okay.
And one of 'em from 2012 said, call me romantic. But I love it.
When I see gay couples that are so comfortable that they can kiss in public.
I saw that. Yes. And someone,
but then someone said that you were fetishizing gay people by come on.
That's hilarious. That was a, that was a legitimate tweet. I was probably high.
I saw because that's when I feel like warm and fuzzy and I,
I saw a gay couple make out. I think that was what it was. I mean,
it was eight years ago. It's hard to remember, but.
That's quite sweet. So you may as well have end. Like you may as well. You.
Might as well. Like, but I, I was legitimately, you know, you know,
it's, it's weird, man. It's weird. The whole thing is very weird,
but they could just call you homophobic for that. It's.
Just so crazy. Well, that's the other thing we could do is like, is, well,
I hate using the phrase call out,
but how about we start calling out people who misuse those words, right? Yeah.
If, if you're hemophobic you hate gay people. Yeah. It's not,
not you don't you like,
you think it's nice that they can kiss openly and publics.
So it there's no logic to, but that's the thing it's like,
you're arguing with someone who's there,
there it's like the idea that if you leave Islam,
if you, you could be killed. Right. Right.
This is what happens to past state. Yeah. Right? Yeah. That is crazy. Yeah.
Right. Terrify. If you leave, it's so terrifying that someone could kill you,
but that is the same kind of religious thinking.
Religious CR crazed ideology adherence to the dogma. Yeah.
No matter what that would allow someone to think that I could be homophobic by
saying that. I think it's great when gay guys are so comfortable,
they kiss in public.
Well it's because they know you are in your mind. They, they, they,
they do this incredible mind reading thing. That's what it's all about.
They're all psychics. Did you know that they're all psychics. They.
Don't care about reality. They don't care about what's true. Exactly.
There's no need for reality in their world.
If they've decided you're a bigot,
then they can use anything and everything against you,
including pro gay tweets. Pro.
Yeah. They can use exactly. Let's think about,
they can use a pro gay tweet to prove that you're homophobic. It's amazing.
But it's kind of good because it's so crazy that logical
left leaning. People read that and they go, what the they do? And they go,
come on man. And you know, it's been positive for me. Yeah.
In a lot of ways that they're so over the top that, you know,
like I've heard gay friends go, did I know your homophobic? I'm like, I didn't.
Know either amazing. Now I know, but they know. Yeah.
Maybe this is why they always turn most severely on people from the left.
Who question this stuff. They really do.
Cause they well expect it from the right. You know? I think.
Too. Yeah.
Especially if you look like you should be on the right and you're on the left,
which I definitely do. Right. You know, it's like, there's there. I mean,
you could try to figure it out, but I think it all boils down to adherence,
adherence, strict adherence and compliance to the dogma. And if you don't,
if you're not willing to comply 100% with the ideology, they'll attack you.
So do you just like Martin nav.
To over, but that's why I think left and right is no longer helpful. I, I think,
I think it's, that's why there are all these weird alliances going on now.
I mean,
I did this event recently with Peter begot who I know you've spoke to and James
Lindsay <affirmative> and we were given these talks at this event in London and
we were sitting there at lunch and there was like, um,
the head of the atheist society sitting next to this evangelical Christian
pastor from America. And there was like,
there were people of no faith and all faith and left and right. And it's like,
but we all believe in Liberty.
Like ultimately we all care about freedom and individual freedom.
And that's the, that's the new fault line it's not left against. Right.
It's people who believe in,
in Liberty for the individual or people who want more authority to control you.
And that's, that's the real conflict.
Well, if the right really wanted to bring more people over,
what they would do is establish like
universally across the board, um, an appreciation for gay people,
appreciation for a marriage and appreciation for the need to take
impoverished communities and bring them up. Yeah.
And appreciation for welfare and appreciation for, you know,
raising the minimum wage. Yeah. If they just started a few things like that.
Good Lord. The amount of people that would jump off that ship,
that sinking ship of liberal idea. Yeah. Because it's just,
it's infested with rats.
It's infested with rats that are chewing a hole in the very hu of the ship.
That happened in the UK was the conservative government that pushed through gay
marriage. Cause actually, cause actually that's quite conservative idea, you.
Know, get government outta your life. Yeah. Yeah. It should.
Be, well, maybe that's what they, maybe that's what they need to.
I think what definitely, if you, if you support the left,
you need to try and dissuade the Democrats and the,
and the labor party from going woke because they alienate all of their major.
They do.
And they don't even realize they're doing it.
But the problem is in this country, there's no room for a third party. Right.
People don't appreciate it or believe in it. No, you don't.
Have, you don't have that option. Do you?
Maybe they kind of do like Gary Johnson ran last year and some people voted for
him, but what's really happened in this country previously, historically,
is that when someone charismatic came along, that's an independent,
they really just take votes away from the Democrats. Yeah. So you split the.
Vote, right? Yeah. So the Republicans.
Are pretty rigid. Well, actually here's a example against that though,
is Ross Perro.
He actually took votes away from the Republican and that's why Clinton got in
office. Right?
Bill Clinton actually won when Herbert Walker Bush was in his first term.
So he only done one term. And then bill Clinton won in, uh, when Herbert Walker,
Bush was going for reelection. And the reason why he run,
he won rather is cuz Ross, Perro, who was this eccentric billionaire.
Do you remember him?
I know. Sorry. I remember Ross Perro. Yeah. Yeah. He.
Was an eccentric billion there. Who independently did. Yes. Independent.
And he got on TV and bought an entire half hour of
primetime television. Right.
To show people how they're getting by the federal reserve and taxes.
And he was explaining, I had a pat, Hey, take a look over there.
See this's what he gonna do.
They take it here and they get there and he was doing all this.
And everybody's like, what the?
And I remember everybody was all in a wa I voted for him. I I'm pretty sure.
Yeah. It's hard to remember. Were.
You worried about so long ago splitting the vote though, or you? No.
I was 18. I don't know what the. I don't know how old, well, older than that,
I must have.
Been 21, but I'm not right. Think, I mean,
there isn't that much between the Democrats and the publics. Is it? I mean like,
um, there's you don't have a, a real sort of left wing, right? Wing option.
They're pretty similar on a.
Lot of things. It depends on who you're talking to. You know, if you,
if there's,
there's a giant difference between Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders,
right. There's a giant difference. There's some, a lot of it is,
people are concerned with, uh, abortion rights. That's a giant one.
And people are concerned with a Republican,
putting someone in the Supreme court that is gonna limit a woman's right to
choose.
Right. So social issues, that's the way the.
Difference lies. Those are big ones. And those are also big ones.
Those pro-life people, they, you know,
they will not vote for someone who's not pro-life.
And so if you get to a position where you are a Republican,
you pretty much have to be pro-life right. If you want, want.
The group. So those are the sticking points. Yeah. Because.
They, they, you know, and this is, there's no judgment here, but this is their,
their position is that you're killing a baby. Yeah. Right. And they're like,
I don't give a about anything else. You can't kill a baby. Right.
And so they're like, okay, okay.
And so many Republicans that maybe even have had abortions.
Themselves, they can't be open about that particular issue. They can't be open.
About, I get it. They have.
To, they have to hide it. But this is why I think someone like Sanders is,
is a genuine lefting option.
And why someone like Elizabeth Warren or someone who's pushing the woke thing,
it will never be. That will be like electoral, hemlock. I,
I think it'll just absolutely not work. But see, as.
They don't see that, how do see it because.
They're full of, but how did they not see it happen last,
like Hillary Clinton was targeting all the various demographics and she's like,
she was splitting the Electra up and say, and it didn't work well,
how can they not see that this never.
Works? Have you ever known someone? Who's just a real liar,
like pathological liar make up a pass. They make up things.
They don't know that other people can't tell or that other people can tell
rather that, that they're not normal. They're not, they're not acting normal.
Right. They don't seem genuine. Okay.
Like there's cer there's certain aspects of people that it's hard to
tell. Yeah. But there's,
some people just don't seem genuine and political people in
particular, like when people are running for political office,
that's when that really stands out. Yeah. Yeah.
Because over and over and over again,
you see them doing these speeches and over and over and over again,
you see them talking about things and some people can sense it and some people
can't, but they can't tell when you're a liar.
You can't tell other people see you. Right. Because you're lying.
Like I know a guy I'm gonna be nice here.
Not name names or anything.
Never. Um, he's gay as, but he doesn't think everybody knows it. He's.
Flamboyant. Right. He's gay.
All, everyone that I know knows he's gay and there's, and we all wish, you know,
but he's got a family. He's got like a wife and kids and we're all speculating.
Like, how's this guy get his rocks off. It's kinda crazy.
But it's just one of those things. Like the, the man is a homosexual.
I'm pretty sure. I mean, if I had a bet, I'm pushing all my chips in. Right.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And because of that,
he acts in this really strange cuz he's living this kind of lie of,
he acts in a strange way. And I don't think he realizes that people know.
And you think a lot of these people go into politics.
A lot of these sort of they're kind of sociopathic. A lot of people end up.
In there's there's something about them.
And so they have this fake earnestness to them. Right.
And that fake earnestness will work.
It will work if you're talking to 10,000 people,
if you're to 10,000 people,
about the way we can come together as a country and we can take America
back. Yeah. There's no connection.
Yeah.
But I always put that down to them having to follow a party line or they're,
sloganizing, you know, they're throwing slogans. That's all that.
There's a little of that.
To, this is why I'd never be a politician. I can't,
I couldn't bear not to just say what I think yout.
Be a politician now for sure. Not when someone's trying to be woke,
what they're doing is they're just has nothing to do with being genuine.
If someone's a woke politician, unless that's who they really are.
I think a lot of.
'Em are though. I mean like, well AOC,
I think she a AOC melanoma and Rashita tole,
and I think they mean what they say. Well, AOC.
Is also, uh, you know, she's not even 30, she's 29 year old woman. Right.
She's idealistic. And she's got these thoughts of the future and, and she's,
you know, democratic socialist.
There was an article in spectator this week about this like that,
that there aren't really woke people. They're just sort of they're,
they're just sort of acting this out. I wish that were true,
but I don't think it is. I don't think it is.
And I think Trump's being very smart whenever he,
whenever he sort of brings people like melanoma into the limelight of folk
focuses on AOC and focus on that. Cause it,
it means that you start thinking Democrat is woke. Yes. You know,
it sends that sort of message. And, and we know it just never, it never works.
And I,
that's why I despair with the labor part and the way the labor party went.
Like I just, you know, I, I wanna see a proper opposition.
I wanna see a proper lefting part that cares about class issues.
That cares about money. That cares about the poverty line. Yeah.
Social mobility. Yeah. You know, not, you know,
whether you are whatever microaggressions or whatever, you.
Know, compassion for people that are trying to get by in this life.
Not social justice issues. Yeah. Not nonsense.
Yeah, exactly. And that,
and that's the way most people feel that that really is.